Make @query not cache null results before first render (#4237) (#4282)
lit/lit: .changeset/quick-moons-hear.md

> ---
> '@lit/reactive-element': patch
> ---

Reviewer: We bump these packages together.

```suggestion
---
'@lit/reactive-element': patch
'lit-element': patch
'lit': patch
---
```

> `@query` properties with the cache flag set do not cache null results before the first update anymore

Reviewer 2: Suggesting a slightly longer changeset:

```suggestion
Fix a bug where accessing a `@query` decorated field with the `cache` flag set before the first update would result in `null` being cached permanently. `null` will no longer be cached before the first update and in `DEV_MODE` now raises a warning.
```
